What's next?
It should do that we have here,
the Button.
We need to add this to the cart,
I know at this point is sounds like
too scary, okay, so where is the card?
We have a CartManager remember,
this is our CartManager right now.
What if we create a function like add
that receives the product and quantity.
And we are just going to, as a best
practice to not allow from the outside
to touch my array something like that,
so we going to just append.
It's append and
we're going to create a pair.
Remember this is actually
a tuple of two elements.
We create one with the arguments and
we append that to the cart,
does it make sense?
Also just because we are here, we have
add, we can remove that receives product.
So remove, there are many ways
to remove that one that I would
like to show you how to use is that,
you can remove all with where,
and what is where, what type is that?
>> It throws, it's yet to be, it's a type
of Boolean, but you have to handle that.
>> What is that?
A closure.
>> A closure.
>> So if I click there, actually I'm going
to receive the pair, let's say the item
in cart, I need to return true or false,
if you need to delete that or not.
So I'm going to return If
the item in cart.0.id,
for example is equal to product.id, so
if it's the same product, okay, delete it.
And also just because I'm here,
I may want to calculate the total,
well we can do it later.
So, now that's the CartManager,
okay, so in my details page.
Now, how can I access that
CartManager from here?
What do you think?
Does anyone know how can I access
the CartManager from a view Environment
option, sure that's correct.
So I need to create an Environmentobject
that is going to be a dependency, okay.
There's going to be cart called
CartManager = CartManager.
Remember that we have already
injected this at the app level.
And now probably my, let me do it again.
We don't need to insert this, so
we just need to create the variable and
define the type that's all.
And also probably my preview
will crash now, why?
>> Because you're not injecting that.
>> Because we need to inject that here,
as well.
So there it's it, taking a while,
but now [LAUGH] it's crushing,
so I need to add
the Environmentobject to CartManager.
So you know that the value you're
getting the idea of how this works, so
now it's working.
So now that I do have the CartManager, I
just need to call out, what's the product?
The product was the quantity,
the properties that I do have in my view,
okay, makes sense?
So how do we know if this is working?
Well, we can see if
the card has something, but
let me show you something
really quickly and nice.
So it gives us some endorphins, so
if you go to contribute remember
that we have the tabs here.
So in other tabs, the tab item,
we can also change a property,
it's called the badge.
The badge is a little number
that appears with the top.
So, and we can ask the CartManager how
many items do we have in the cart, right?
So how can I access
a CartManager from here,
from the content view the same
Environmentobjects on every view.
That when I get data from that cart,
we need to do the same thing,
Environmentobject CartManager
of type CartManager.
So now we can connect this in the badge
to the CartManager.cart.count.
Will work, we'll see, while our preview
will probably have the same problem,
because I need to inject in the preview,
okay, but let's run this.
Here, so I'm getting to Black Americano,
cross your fingers Black Americano,
I knew I don't have the description,
I should add the description.
So let's add to the cart or one wherever
it's the same, add 1 to the cart,
look at that got a little nice
one badge that we have there.
So, let's try to remember what we have
here, so we are the Button is talking
to an injective Environmentobject
that has a published array.
And then, another view in the hierarchy
that has nothing to do with the details is
connected.
They're automatically updated,
so if I go back now and
I select flat wider and more flat wider.
It's actually not taking the quantity, so
three will actually say 2 here at
the bottom, okay, but that's fine.
We can change that if we want,
okay it makes sense, so if I go to
orders page now, hey, it doesn't look so
bad, we have to Hello words.
Okay, that's because we didn't
finish the item, the guard item, but
it's kind of okay.
We have 2, we have a forum,
we still need to add the total, okay.
>> Okay, now this is great, I'm just
saying I think items is still have
probably issue if you went multiple times.
>> Yeah, we should solve, let's make
that to do for home homework, but
yeah the problem is that we are treating,
now the product as a key also in the list.
So actually, if you're adding
twice then we have a problem.
>> Yeah.
>> But it's easy to change.
>> It's easy to change.
>> You need go to the add.
>> You just have to remove-
>> And first check if it's there,
if it's there as you need to adjust sum
the quantity, so add to the quantity.
So it's not a big deal, but yeah,
I think you got a idea of
how to solve the problem.
But I mean,
I think it looks like an app, right?
So let's finish the missing pieces,
first the details page is not showing the.
Description, I don't think
we have the text for
the description for
some reason, so let's add it.
I can just clone the product name and
add the description here.
So we can change the color, for
example let's say the foreground color.
How do you take a color library,
colors and I will pick on the primary.
>> Something like that,
so now Black Americano,
we see in red the description,
okay, so that works.
So the next step is to actually see
something better in the cart for
the item, and we're kind of there for
the cart and
we have the info section pending.
So we just need to create something
better here in order items, so
it's actually not a big deal, before
doing that, do you have any question?
No.
Okay, so we need to replace this text and
before actually doing something else,
we need some dependencies.
Jack Charlie you render,
I know that I am, what do we need?
>> Environmental,
I forget-
>> We have karma share or
we have menu-man share, which one?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> We will need that, but you're right,
but for the wrong reason,
let me show you why?
Well, we need to actually render
the data is actually the item and
the item is of type, pair or
tuple of product integer,
that's actually what we need.
Okay, for rendering at least, but
we will need for in just two minutes.
Okay, so when we have the item of course,
it's given me an error here because now
I need to pass the item in the premium.
Every time you have
a dependency like this,
you actually need to add this here,
so I need a pair of product.
Okay, and again you can create
your own dummy data framework or
mock data framework,
is not complicated but okay,
this is Dummy with the price 125.
Now image, I don't care about the image,
what is that?
The body, I don't know what's that,
but I don't need that,
so this is closing product,
I need to close order item, okay.
So, now we need to render something here,
okay, and
if you remember the idea is to create,
like in the same row different items,
so it's going to be an edge stack,
horizontal stack.
So, I'm gonna try place for now,
three text, one with the quantity,
so I will take from the item.1, the second
argument is a integer with an x.
You will see it in a minute,
then we want the product name, so
it's .0.name and the price or
maybe the total.
So it's going to be the \(item.1)
multiply by item.0.price, okay.
Remember this is a tuple,
so we're using 0 and 1.
If we want to make this better,
we can put names in the top or
we'd see that in the morning.
Also we are seeing an error because we
need to convert the quantity to double,
topping it up.
So if we assume is to get an error
here because, I'm missing the,
yeah, you're right,
the quantity it's a double.
Let's see.
We have item, let's do some parentheses,
you can see it's complicated,
that's why it's better to actually
do this in a different file.
Below fail, okay.
Resume, we are still getting an error but
somewhere else,
were probably in the orders page
because the orders page, okay.
When it's not empty it's
actually rendering,
let's scroll order item and
now order item needs an item.
Where is the item?
Well, we were looping here over
those items, there is a for
each, okay, this is similar as
what we did before with the menu.
Okay, so now order item,
let's see if we can receive the preview,
okay, looks like that.
Something that I wanna show you is
an element that we have used in different
places, but we haven't explained that one.
Also we can add a dollar
sign to the price and
specifier as we did before as always for
the float.
On the other item it's called spacer,
it's ABU, what's a spacer?
And the flexible element that is actually
pushing as much as possible by default,
so it's just pushing elements.
So as you can see here,
it's pushing the elements.
So it's doing that, so this reminds me,
I'm not sure if you have been there,
we're doing websites in the 90s.
Where we have a pixel.GIF file that was
actually doing this,
to push a div before CSS,
before we could actually
set divs with CSS.
So yeah,
maybe we can add some patterns, so
we can add padding to the whole edge tag.
And by the way,
we are also missing the Delete Button,
was the Delete Button, any image?
Image, can we use someone like trash?
We do have a trash?
Yeah, if you wanna change the size,
like this, you can also do that as a font.
If you want a big one, like so,
we're gonna add some padding,
and we can change the foreground color,
which color?
No, any color, let's pick one,
secondary or primary?
Not sure if you see that, but
that's actually in that color.
Okay, it's not a Button, so
how can I detect gestures on
something that is not a Button
it doesn't have a handler?
Well, gestures are you would like
that because it's really webby.
There are modifiers starting
with on like events, and
there is not unclick,
sorry because this is a mobile device,
now how the event is
called the mobile device?
OnTap, so
we have onTapGesture with a code, and.
What do you think that we need to do here?
>> Color.
>> It's to remove
>> Remove it from where?
>> CartManager.
>> From the CartManager,
how can I add the CartManager?
How can I use the CardManager here?
>> Put the environmental
variable in there.
>> Environmentobject,
you learn Swift UI, so
we need a CartManager of type CartManager.
And from here,
we are going to talk with that manager,
and we'll say remove which product,
the one that we have item.0,
sorry, that's the product.
If everything works,
it will automatically update whatever
UI you have that is pointing to
that array of objects, okay.
>> If item.0 is that the first item-
>> Is the first item of the tuple, so
.0 is product, remember you can have names
here as well to the type if you want.
Well, now if I add to Americanos
we see the order there,
if Macchiato was one, we go to the order.
Well it doesn't look so bad,
maybe that padding that we added was not
necessary because the list
has a padding by default.
And also there is list style modifier,
we can change the list style, but
you get the idea.
So I'm talking about these padding
is probably not necessary,
because there will be a padding there,
how to solve the problem in the preview.
Well, you can just add the paddy here,
just for the preview,
like saying, hey, your context
there will be a padding later,
okay, just to look at it better there.
So let's see, what do you think,
what would happen if I click there?
Will it work?
Yeah, let's see, it worked,
also it updated the number there.
Okay, so it's actually working,
it's actually working.
And if I delete the last
one my order is empty, so
the whole page is being re-rendered.
And there was an If there in
the orders page there is an If and
when the count is zero automatically
it's rendering a text.
The only missing pieces that
we don't have the total, but
it's actually pretty simple, I mean
the final the total of the whole order.
We can quickly create
the CartManager function by the way,
let me first commit this in
case you want to get my code.
So let's say the orders
page kinda working.
And push to remote us well,
again later you have some homework you
can move the site some more styling
to that, but It actually works.
So I need a function here that
will calculate the total, okay.
By the way, it's already here,
if you wanna take it from here,
great in Data Manager.
It's not a big deal, [LAUGH] because
you know how to program I guess.
This is just looping through all
the items and I think it's called cart,
so it's going through all the items and
making the total.
So now we can just call this
from the order page in fact,
I did have that one but
I commented that CartManager,
the total with some spacers so
it can look at this I
have a spacer, a text,
spacer, text, spacer.
There are other ways to do this, but
this is one way to do a flexible UI,
in this case is like when
you're using Flexbox, okay.
And in this case you have an empty
item that is actually pushing, so
they're fighting for
the space all of them.
So, let's see cross your fingers, I don't
think you need to cross your fingers,
I trust them.
This site will allow this.
One more and we have the total and
it seems to be working,
if I delete the Americano it's
been updated everything works.